let's see below the exact way to perform sea trials
almería form remembered
to make a ballad disc
dexter lillian we need of course
a bunch of knob stick
a cape
or what is the same a mango
these peoples that
that we use for the realization of xcode vara wasting
we recycle it from my son's broom
when my son's things came to an end his lifespan
us instead of throwing them of course
place to send them to ashura
we recycle it
and with those sticks we make broomsticks
for several rivers boy and pickers
annealed wire
and of course
ccoo terpins ace to carry out the sea
the procedure is to clean the perlis rod since many times you can
get to buy in xochimilco
science goes out the mooring a very strong mooring with the wire annealed to the
bunch of rod
a wire sewn that measures up to about two meters
the ballad of
det er league
and later celeste puts the mango
from my son's broom
in which it is already previously tipped
so he can be put in because otherwise he can not get in
he gets the stick praises of perry and
and it's not good to be a rustic sweep
The procedure is very simple
since we not only give more than about five minutes to
make a rod broom
a perfectly broom that does not work
for the sweep
i
we cover ourselves
that was in a lot of square meters
linear meters in the other neighborhood